Fixed several typos locks.redis document, fixed table formatting (#4757)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-locks/redis-lock.md

| maxRetries            |    N     | Maximum number of retries before giving up. Defaults to `3`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `5`, `10`                                                       |
| maxRetryBackoff       |    N     | Maximum backoff between each retry. Defaults to `2` seconds; `"-1"` disables backoff.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `3000000000`                                                    |

> | failover              |    N     | Property to enabled failover configuration. Needs sentinelMasterName to be set. The redisHost should be the sentinel host address. See [Redis Sentinel Documentation](https://redis.io/docs/manual/sentinel/). Defaults to `"false"`                                                                              | `"true"`, `"false"`                                             |

Reviewer: Should this change to enabled? Maybe this
```suggestion
| failover              |    N     | Enable failover configuration. Needs sentinelMasterName to be set. The redisHost should be the sentinel host address. See [Redis Sentinel Documentation](https://redis.io/docs/manual/sentinel/). Defaults to `"false"`                                                                              | `"true"`, `"false"`                                             |
```
